probably good idea but then you look at
Whittaker 85 son he's stalked keep he's
not like huge he's like the perfect size
Whittaker cuz he still can knock out
anybody but he's got awesome cardio and
she - he's strong he's not as strong as
yo el Romero but he's strong enough to
hold them off knowing this who is no one
is
you gotta get that that Cuban gene pool
to get that cuz you know I'm saying like
there's certain gene pools like that
fucking mountain from Game of Thrones
there's some gene pools out there man
yeah and then we throw in steroids in
that pool oh of course he did
of course he did yeah yeah he was like
yeah no shit
yeah I know where they kept asking about
the gar you currently taking us listen I
don't really want to talk about this
mm-hmm like ya know of course I am
why are they asking questions like that
that's the strongest man contest but
think about this
come on yeah who's gonna win
how about a style bender verse Whittaker
yeah the all oceanic fight are you
really gonna fly to Australia for that
are you thinking about it do three there
ain't two dudes on this planet then get
me to fly to Australia - there's not it
no dudes on there live no Joe under here
rather be here you're crazy
hmm I love Australia but now for IANA
was like yo dude get Australian like I'm
on my way
say no more fam no not two dudes yeah
but that fight dude I want to see that
fight in the flesh live you're gonna do
it I think I might I want to see how
that goes down I wanna see fight
Whitaker is a fucking animal man I had
to be in to an almost fight with a
hernia and a ruptured he had a ruptured
rectum right there's a ruptured rectum
my thoughts just a hernia I was fine no
no I think he had two major injuries no
I know his intestines were popping
through yeah but I think it was another
one damn his rectum was fucked up - yeah
so isn't that it didn't have a tear as I
called a Jamiel find a hemorrhoid no no
I got tear in his ass well you don't you
think about the house rain from sparring
just think about getting taken down why
trying to throw a kick you land fucked
up on your hip never ripped my asshole
you could rip your asshole like a chick
you catch easily for sure sure people
whose eyes how about someone misses
spinning back-kick low and it just
catches your tank often just the heel
hits your taint and rips your taint away
from the bone that shit happens
I wonder what I don't know what the odds
would be out assume Whitaker's a slight
favorite in that fight I would say so
yeah I would say you know based on what
Calvin did well based off what Calvin
did based off Whitaker's two fights with
Yoel he's been the only got to hold you
off although this half says that I did
think that you all won the second fight
interesting I thought yeah I think I go
either new scoring yell Wow had him
rocked and hurt by the new scoring I
felt like it should have been worth more
you thought she'd been a 10-8 yeah I
mean he had him almost out hurt he
hadn't staggered we didn't see him do
that to Yoel but but he did he's one
more round in service he survived you
one more round
it's like those that draw if you're
watching a fight if a fight is a fight
if it what I mean I understand it's a
sport but it's the sport of fighting if
you're watching a fight and one guy is
really fucking a guy up and the other
guy never does that
who do you think won that fight do you
have to do that you're right you can't
yeah but do you think the guy that just
moves around and touches them with the
Japanese what Whitaker did but just as
as what if if a guy's just moving around
for four rounds and he's touching you
the jab and lay kicking you and shut and
you like fighting in the street but then
in the fifth round you knock him down
four times you beat the fuck out of him
and you he's running away from you his
nose gets bloodied you end the fight
with your hand raised without a mark in
your face the other guy's face is pizza
maybe I think of my boys bike damn for
that first twenty that boy was moving
right right right it's quite it's a good
question it's cuz like what how much is
that round as a sport though yeah that's
what is it because as a sport yeah it's
not to judge it I'm gonna do yeah if
you're gonna judge it on a scorecard you
have to be it has to be accumulative
the question is like how much is it
worth for a guy to really take it to a
guy and almost stop him see
I think there should be more drawers I
don't have a problem with the drawl I
don't have a prompt in that fight if it
was drama that makes sense redo it let's
get a clear-cut winner I think when a
person gets really rocked like that it's
worth more than a point I think it's
worth more than two points I think it's
worth a lot you think should be like ten
seven I think it's a big deal not then
you're fucked do you fuck if you are in
real life here cuz on a rough well no
because real life you're kind of fucked
right like you did the idea that you
could go through a round you don't know
who won right around where it's like a
lot of feeling out a lot of touching you
know this and then that and you know
okay perfect example
first round Anderson Silva vs style
bender yeah okay you could give it to
style bender for sure but it was it was
a round where they were feeling each
other out of the way there was not one
big moment where stole my god style
benders taking over this fight is almost
done so that's ten nine but yet another
fight where a guy beats the shit out of
a guy and doesn't drop him and they have
exchanges but the guy gets rocked and
hurt that is that 1090 I know it's weird
what if he had to take someone drop
something that barely survives you
hammer fist into the bell is it ten nine
and the old system it is but what is it
in the new system is a 10-8 but if it's
even if it's ten eight I think it should
be more than ten eight like that kind of
thing yes you went out but the only
thing is your fuck let's say you do a
10-6 or down seven right then you get
dropped it's gonna be tough you got to
get energy argument against what I'm
saying here's the argument against it
Frankie Edgar versus Gray Maynard
especially the first one right Gray
Maynard drops him has him badly hurt in
the first round Frankie manages to
survive and come back and win enough
rounds and win the fight I say exception
though but it is acceptable it's kind of
like if you gave him like five points
for that round